[core] Enforce 70 as the max width on the title on the docs (#33819)
mui/material-ui: docs/pages/blog/lab-date-pickers-to-mui-x.md

---
title: Date and time pickers are moving to MUI X

> description: Migrate to the new package to start building with our powerful date and time pickers, now part of MUI X. Previously released MIT components stayed MIT.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
description: Migrate to the new package to start building with our powerful date and time pickers, now part of MUI X. Previously released MIT components will stay MIT.
```

## TL;DR

- The date pickers are one step closer to a stable release.

> - **No surprise licenses changes**. We are staying true to [our promises](https://mui-org.notion.site/Stewardship-542a2226043d4f4a96dfb429d16cf5bd). What's MIT stays MIT, and what was [announced](https://v5-0-6.mui.com/components/date-range-picker/) over 12 months ago to move to a commercial license for the range feature.

Reviewer: Fixing the grammar here.

```suggestion
- **No surprise licenses changes**. We are staying true to [our promises](https://mui-org.notion.site/Stewardship-542a2226043d4f4a96dfb429d16cf5bd). What's MIT stays MIT, and we're going forward with our [plan announced over a year ago](https://v5-0-6.mui.com/components/date-range-picker/) to move the date range picker to the commercial license.
```
